clarify in docs to not use apiVersion for taskRef for non-customtask (#6704)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/pipelines.md

### Specifying the target Custom Task

To specify the custom task type you want to execute, the `taskRef` field

> must include the custom task's `apiVersion` and `kind` as shown below, `apiVersion` is only used to create `CustomRun`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must include the custom task's `apiVersion` and `kind` as shown below.
Using `apiVersion` will always create a `CustomRun`. If `apiVersion` is set, `kind` is required as well.
```
